readme.md, before:

# Point of Sale

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/meat147/Point-of-Sale](https://badges.gitter.im/meat147/Point-of-Sale.svg)](https://gitter.im/meat147/Point-of-Sale?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/meat147/Point-of-Sale/blob/master/LICENSE)

**Please note**: Whilst open-source, until otherwise stated, Point of Service will not be in a usable state.

## Contributing

Contributing Guidelines coming soon.


### Setup
- download the repository
- run npm install
- run node ./bin/www
- visit [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)


### How to contribute
- Fork the Project
- Checkout your fork
- commit changes to a new branch
- create a pull request
- done


## Security

If you discover a security vulnerability in Point of Service, please send an email to  ([meat147@icloud.com](mailto:meat147@icloud.com)). Any security vulnerabilities discovered will be addressed with the highest priority.

Commit message:

Added Gitter Channel to read

readme.md, after:

# Point of Sale

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/meat147/Point-of-Sale/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/meat147/Point-of-Sale](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat on -Gitter-green.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gitter.im/meat147/Point-of-Sale?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)


**Please note**: Whilst open-source, until otherwise stated, Point of Service will not be in a usable state.

## Contributing

Contributing Guidelines coming soon.


### Setup
- download the repository
- run npm install
- run node ./bin/www
- visit [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)


### How to contribute
- Fork the Project
- Checkout your fork
- commit changes to a new branch
- create a pull request
- done


## Security

If you discover a security vulnerability in Point of Service, please send an email to  ([meat147@icloud.com](mailto:meat147@icloud.com)). Any security vulnerabilities discovered will be addressed with the highest priority.
